Quiz Q5, Summer 2017   (c) DL, UTA, 2017

 Please read this:
  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, 
  use non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss this quiz with anyone for 
  the next 4 hours. In submitting this quiz, I agree to this honor code.
  Please initial here: Sarkar Akshay - 1001506793

  C&P means copy and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.
  You may include lines of code, HTML, CSS, or any "textual" artifact (no libraries, executables, utilities,
  pictures, diagrams, songs, or video, please)

  NOTE: Please submit on time, late submissions will have points deducted!
        Please submit to Blackboard - IF unavailable, email to class account. 

  Due to technical logistics, we can not look at any demo (the "show us" part) in the last 5 minutes of the quiz. 

  The icon "--->" means that you should place an answer at this location in the quiz, either textual, pieces of code 
    (or HTML,XML,CSS or similar), or numeric results.

 1. Good luck!

 2. Get all files from this same folder.
    
 3. Rename this quiz and your programs with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. For each of the following parts, please implement, cut and paste the relevant code (no binaries,
    libraries, etc, just source code and any textual configuration files, html, and similar) into this file. 
    If possible, show each part (with  an output) to a GTA, when complete. 
    Submit this quiz (to Blackboard) when complete, you may make multiple submissions. 

 5. You do not need to implement error handling, unless needed for this quiz,  (file already exists, empty files, etc) 
    but your program should not abnormally terminate (crash).

 6. + On AWS please take the CSV file and place it on AWS, either in EC2 or S3 (or similar).
    + Using a clustering method, find: 
       6 clusters based on columns District and House
    + Show, in textual form, time to run, centroids for the clusters, and number of points in each cluster.    

 7. + Create a web form (on AWS) that allows a user to input two column names (for example "B" and "C" -or- "District" and "House")
      and the number of clusters to find.
    + On a web page, with your name, class, and ID number at the top,
      Show the results, in textual form: centroids, and list all of the points in each cluster.        

 8. + Using part 7,
    + Show a pie chart, that for each cluster, using different colors, shows the number of points in each cluster.
    + In your browser show a bar chart (graph), where the bars are horizontally placed, such that each bar represents a cluster,
      where the bars are sorted, from maximum to minimum by first attribute (first column selected) in that cluster,       
      where the label of each bar is the value of that attribute, where different colors shows the value of that attribute for
      that cluster, and the height of that bar is proportional to that attribute.
    + Show a scatter plot (graph) of ONLY the centroid points, identifying cluster-centroids by color.
