Quiz Q2, Summer 2017   (c) DL, UTA, 2017

 Please read this:
  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, 
  use non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss this quiz with anyone for 
  the next 4 hours. In submitting this quiz, I agree to this honor code.
  Please initial here: Sarkar Akshay - 6793

  C&P means copy and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.
  You may include lines of code, HTML, CSS, or any "textual" artifact (no libraries, executables, utilities,
  pictures, diagrams, songs, or video, please)

  NOTE: Please submit on time, late submissions will have points deducted!
        Please submit to Blackboard. 

  Due to technical logistics, we can not look at any demo (the "show us" part) in the last 5 minutes of the quiz. 

  The icon "--->" means that you should place an answer at this location in the quiz, either textual, pieces of code 
    (or HTML,XML,CSS or similar), or numeric results.

 1. Good luck!

 2. Get all files from this same folder.
       
 3. Rename this quiz and your programs with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. For each of the following parts, please implement, cut and paste the relevant code (no binaries,
    libraries, etc, just source code and any textual configuration files, html, and similar) into this file. 
    If possible, show each part (with  an output) to a GTA, when complete. 
    Submit this quiz (to Blackboard) when complete, you may make up to 5 submissions. 

 5. You do not need to implement "unusual" error handling (bad executable, etc.), unless needed for this quiz,  
    (such as file already exists, empty files, etc) but your program should not abnormally terminate (crash).

 6. Your program, running on AWS, should (utilizing a web interface, from AWS) 
    - create a simple web page to allow a user to select local pictures and enter a two line comment and upload that
      picture and text comment (maximum 120 characters) to AWS.
    - allow a user (using a web page) to list the files, creation times, and comments of pictures on AWS
    - allow a user to remove files given a keyword contained in the text comment
    - show pictures and comments on a web page
    - allow a user to modify the comments for a picture
 
7. Concepts:
   a. What is "fine grained billing"?
	Fine grained billing in terms of cloud computing refer to the point that we need to pay for amount of utilization of only used services.
	Any Additional service cost would not need to be paid if you haven't untilized it even though it would come into a package as together.
	For Instance AWS Free Tier comes with multiple services like EC2(750 Hours limit) and S3(5GB).
		Now if you utlized all you limit in s3 with storage more than 5 GB, you would need to pay for only that service not for the EC2, 
		since you have not consumed all of the EC2 limit.

	Amazon Web Services , Microsoft Azure, Google App Engine highly follow this kind of structure in business market. 
	It just not make the business needs easy for the  customer but also provide them with flexibilty to chosse 
		which and what service they want to use at any given time. And you will chared for what you have used.
   b. What is the "data lockin" problem?
	Data-Lock problem refer to the point that customer is not able to move freely from one service to another as he is depenedent on the cloud service provider. 
	Their could be petrabytes of data that needs to be moved when you moving from one service to another.
	Apart from it, when switching between the cloud services the configuration and setup for the application
	 needs to be reconfigured based on new cloud service provider which comes as an tecnical limitation sometimes
	This friction of moving from one cloud service provider to other is called "data-lockin".


   c. When (or why) is software licensing an issue, when you are already paying for services?.
	Issues:
	1 	Software licensing based on hardware. Sometimes customer dont need to use all the hardware all the time, but they purchased it so they are paying for it.
		Which could be overcome by using the Cloud Computing Elasticity features.
	2. 	Tracking down software licensing for any service is definatley not easy, require strong customer suppoert to be well defined .

	
   d. Sometimes people use the term "cost associativity" with cloud services. Why (what does it mean)?
	Cost Asscivity referes to the point that the cost of the service is directlp proportional to its usage unit.
	For Example if you use Ec2 for 9 hour a day on 20 servers, you have to pay same amount as you would be using 1 EC2 for 180 Hours(9x20).
	Being able to use 20 servers for nine hours for the same price as using one server for 1,800 hours is new capability that cloud computing technology
	provides us which is called cost associativity.

	It would be helpful when you think that sometimes your services requires more that 5 servers to run paralley and the other time it just needs one insatnce.
	You don't have to keep running 5 instances also all the time, which affects your cost and revenue.(Elasticity).	Its like pay as use the service.