Quiz Q3, Summer 2017   (c) DL, UTA, 2017

 Please read this:
  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, 
  use non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss this quiz with anyone for 
  the next 4 hours. In submitting this quiz, I agree to this honor code.
  Please initial here: Akshay Sarkar - 6793

  C&P means copy and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.
  You may include lines of code, HTML, CSS, or any "textual" artifact (no libraries, executables, utilities,
  pictures, diagrams, songs, or video, please)

  NOTE: Please submit on time, late submissions will have points deducted!
        Please submit to Blackboard. 

  Due to technical logistics, we can not look at any demo (the "show us" part) in the last 5 minutes of the quiz. 

  The icon "--->" means that you should place an answer at this location in the quiz, either textual, pieces of code 
    (or HTML,XML,CSS or similar), or numeric results.

 1. Good luck!

 2. Get all files from this same folder.
       
 3. Rename this quiz and your programs with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. For each of the following parts, please implement, cut and paste the relevant code (no binaries,
    libraries, etc, just source code and any textual configuration files, html, and similar) into this file. 
    If possible, show each part (with  an output) to a GTA, when complete. 
    Submit this quiz (to Blackboard) when complete, you may make up to 5 submissions. 

 5. You do not need to implement "unusual" error handling (bad executable, etc.), unless needed for this quiz,  
    (such as file already exists, empty files, etc) but your program should not abnormally terminate (crash).
    The data set included are US college and university information 
    The data set should be first copied to AWS and then all other work, done on AWS

 6. Your program, running on AWS, should (utilizing a web interface, from AWS) 
    - create a web page with your name and ID at  the top
    - import the dataset into SQL on AWS, show total number of entries on web page
    - create a simple web page to allow a user to select a state and count number of entries and show those names 
      on a web page
    - allow a user on web page, to enter a latitude, and longitude, show all universities within 2 degrees 
      of that location.
    - allow a user to enter a city name OR a state name (user may select EITHER ONE of these), and a minimum total enrollement, 
      show the alias names (for matching), if it exists (all matching with at least that many  students, in that state or city,
      just show alias names - unless "NOT AVAILABLE")
    - allow a user to modify the alias name for an entry selected by zip code (if more than one, allow user to select which)
      (then show utilizing previous)